concerning the divisions of the
concerning the divisions of the gatekeepers of the Korra Heights Michele
gatekeepers of the Korra Heights Michele
gatekeepers of the Korra Heights Michele Amaya the son of curry of the sons of
Amaya the son of curry of the sons of
Amaya the son of curry of the sons of Asaph and the sons of Michele Amaya with
Asaph and the sons of Michele Amaya with
Asaph and the sons of Michele Amaya with Zechariah the firstborn Jedi ale the
Zechariah the firstborn Jedi ale the
Zechariah the firstborn Jedi ale the second zebediah Burford Jeff Niall
second zebediah Burford Jeff Niall
second zebediah Burford Jeff Niall before--the Elam the fifth jeha hainan
before--the Elam the fifth jeha hainan
before--the Elam the fifth jeha hainan the sixth le o ni descent or over the
the sixth le o ni descent or over the
the sixth le o ni descent or over the sons of obed-edom where she mayor the
sons of obed-edom where she mayor the
sons of obed-edom where she mayor the firstborn
firstborn
firstborn jaha's about the second joah the third
jaha's about the second joah the third
jaha's about the second joah the third cycle the fourth nathan l v a meal the
cycle the fourth nathan l v a meal the
cycle the fourth nathan l v a meal the six miss occur the seventh p alpha the
six miss occur the seventh p alpha the
six miss occur the seventh p alpha the eighth for god blessed him also to
eighth for god blessed him also to
eighth for god blessed him also to shamaya his son were sons born who
shamaya his son were sons born who
shamaya his son were sons born who governed their fathers houses because
governed their fathers houses because
governed their fathers houses because they were men of great ability the sons
they were men of great ability the sons
they were men of great ability the sons of shamea were Ethne rafail Obed and
of shamea were Ethne rafail Obed and
of shamea were Ethne rafail Obed and ELLs Abed whose brothers Allah Hugh and
ELLs Abed whose brothers Allah Hugh and
ELLs Abed whose brothers Allah Hugh and Samar kaya were able men all these were
Samar kaya were able men all these were
Samar kaya were able men all these were the sons of obed-edom they and their
the sons of obed-edom they and their
the sons of obed-edom they and their sons and their brethren able men with
sons and their brethren able men with
sons and their brethren able men with strength for the work
strength for the work
strength for the work sixty-two rev obed-edom and Michelle
sixty-two rev obed-edom and Michelle
sixty-two rev obed-edom and Michelle Amaya had sons and brethren eighteen
Amaya had sons and brethren eighteen
Amaya had sons and brethren eighteen able men also Xhosa of the children of
able men also Xhosa of the children of
able men also Xhosa of the children of Moreira had sons Shem ray the first four
Moreira had sons Shem ray the first four
Moreira had sons Shem ray the first four though he was not the firstborn his
though he was not the firstborn his
though he was not the firstborn his father made him the first hill Chaya the
father made him the first hill Chaya the
father made him the first hill Chaya the second tab Alya
second tab Alya
second tab Alya the third Zechariah the fourth all the
the third Zechariah the fourth all the
the third Zechariah the fourth all the sons and brethren of Xhosa were 13 among
sons and brethren of Xhosa were 13 among
sons and brethren of Xhosa were 13 among these were the divisions of the
these were the divisions of the
these were the divisions of the gatekeepers among the chief men having
gatekeepers among the chief men having
gatekeepers among the chief men having duties just like their brethren to serve
duties just like their brethren to serve
duties just like their brethren to serve in the house of the Lord and they cast
in the house of the Lord and they cast
in the house of the Lord and they cast lots for each gate the small as well as
lots for each gate the small as well as
lots for each gate the small as well as the great according to their father's
the great according to their father's
the great according to their father's house the lot for the east gate fell to
house the lot for the east gate fell to
house the lot for the east gate fell to shell Amaya then they cast lots for his
shell Amaya then they cast lots for his
shell Amaya then they cast lots for his son
son
son Zechariah a wise counselor and his Lord
Zechariah a wise counselor and his Lord
Zechariah a wise counselor and his Lord came out for the north gate to obed-edom
came out for the north gate to obed-edom
came out for the north gate to obed-edom the south gate and to his sons the
the south gate and to his sons the
the south gate and to his sons the storehouse to ship him and Hosur the lot
storehouse to ship him and Hosur the lot
storehouse to ship him and Hosur the lot came out for the west gate with the
came out for the west gate with the
came out for the west gate with the shallick earth gate on the ascending
shallick earth gate on the ascending
shallick earth gate on the ascending highway watchman opposite watchman on
highway watchman opposite watchman on
highway watchman opposite watchman on the east were six Levites on the north
the east were six Levites on the north
the east were six Levites on the north for each day on the south for each day
for each day on the south for each day
for each day on the south for each day and for the storehouse two by two as for
and for the storehouse two by two as for
and for the storehouse two by two as for the paba on the west there were fall on
the paba on the west there were fall on
the paba on the west there were fall on the highway and two at the pada these
the highway and two at the pada these
the highway and two at the pada these were the divisions of the gatekeepers
were the divisions of the gatekeepers
were the divisions of the gatekeepers among the sons of korah and among the
among the sons of korah and among the
among the sons of korah and among the sons of Merari of the Levites a Hydra
sons of Merari of the Levites a Hydra
sons of Merari of the Levites a Hydra was over the Treasuries of the house of
was over the Treasuries of the house of
was over the Treasuries of the house of God and over the Treasuries of the
God and over the Treasuries of the
God and over the Treasuries of the dedicated things the sons of Laird an
dedicated things the sons of Laird an
dedicated things the sons of Laird an the descendants of the gershonites of
the descendants of the gershonites of
the descendants of the gershonites of Laird n heads of their fathers houses of
Laird n heads of their fathers houses of
Laird n heads of their fathers houses of Laird and the gursha night
Laird and the gursha night
Laird and the gursha night Jehiel ER
Jehiel ER
Jehiel ER the sons of Jehiel i dzifa and joe his
the sons of Jehiel i dzifa and joe his
the sons of Jehiel i dzifa and joe his brother were over the Treasuries of the
brother were over the Treasuries of the
brother were over the Treasuries of the house of the lord of the amra mites the
house of the lord of the amra mites the
house of the lord of the amra mites the is hides the hebrew nights and the Asya
is hides the hebrew nights and the Asya
is hides the hebrew nights and the Asya lights
lights
lights cheb you'll the son of Gershom the son
cheb you'll the son of Gershom the son
cheb you'll the son of Gershom the son of Moses was overseer of the Treasuries
of Moses was overseer of the Treasuries
of Moses was overseer of the Treasuries and his brethren by Eliezer were
and his brethren by Eliezer were
and his brethren by Eliezer were rehabbing Josiah his son Jerome his son
rehabbing Josiah his son Jerome his son
rehabbing Josiah his son Jerome his son zacchara his son and Shalom ahthe his
zacchara his son and Shalom ahthe his
zacchara his son and Shalom ahthe his son this Shalom a--the and his brethren
son this Shalom a--the and his brethren
son this Shalom a--the and his brethren were over all the Treasuries of the
were over all the Treasuries of the
were over all the Treasuries of the dedicated things which king david and
dedicated things which king david and
dedicated things which king david and the heads of father's houses the
the heads of father's houses the
the heads of father's houses the captains over thousands and hundreds and
captains over thousands and hundreds and
captains over thousands and hundreds and the captains of the army had dedicated
the captains of the army had dedicated
the captains of the army had dedicated some of the spoils one in battles they
some of the spoils one in battles they
some of the spoils one in battles they dedicated to maintain the house of the
dedicated to maintain the house of the
dedicated to maintain the house of the Lord and all that Samuel the seer saw
Lord and all that Samuel the seer saw
Lord and all that Samuel the seer saw the son of Kish Abner the son of nur and
the son of Kish Abner the son of nur and
the son of Kish Abner the son of nur and Joab the son of Zarya had dedicated
Joab the son of Zarya had dedicated
Joab the son of Zarya had dedicated every dedicated thing was under the hand
every dedicated thing was under the hand
every dedicated thing was under the hand of Shalom ahthe and his brethren of the
of Shalom ahthe and his brethren of the
of Shalom ahthe and his brethren of the is horites keneniah and his sons
is horites keneniah and his sons
is horites keneniah and his sons performed duties as officials and judges
performed duties as officials and judges
performed duties as officials and judges over Israel outside Jerusalem of the
over Israel outside Jerusalem of the
over Israel outside Jerusalem of the Hebrew Knights hasha bye and his
Hebrew Knights hasha bye and his
Hebrew Knights hasha bye and his brethren 1,700 able men had an oversight
brethren 1,700 able men had an oversight
brethren 1,700 able men had an oversight of Israel on the west side of the Jordan
of Israel on the west side of the Jordan
of Israel on the west side of the Jordan for all the business of the Lord and in
for all the business of the Lord and in
for all the business of the Lord and in the service of the king
the service of the king
the service of the king among the Hebrew Knights Jiraiya was
among the Hebrew Knights Jiraiya was
among the Hebrew Knights Jiraiya was head of the Hebrew Knights according to
head of the Hebrew Knights according to
head of the Hebrew Knights according to his genealogy of the fathers in the 40th
his genealogy of the fathers in the 40th
his genealogy of the fathers in the 40th year of the reign of David they were
year of the reign of David they were
year of the reign of David they were sought and they were found among them
sought and they were found among them
sought and they were found among them capable men that jeiza of Gilead and his
capable men that jeiza of Gilead and his
capable men that jeiza of Gilead and his brethren were 2700 able men heads of
brethren were 2700 able men heads of
brethren were 2700 able men heads of their fathers houses whom King David
their fathers houses whom King David
their fathers houses whom King David made officials over the Reuben nights
made officials over the Reuben nights
made officials over the Reuben nights the gadites and the half tribe of
the gadites and the half tribe of
the gadites and the half tribe of Manasseh for every matter pertaining to
Manasseh for every matter pertaining to
Manasseh for every matter pertaining to God and the affairs of the king